add documentation for COSI deployment via Helm chart (#498)
aquarist-labs/s3gw: docs/helm-charts.md

```yaml
logLevel: "1"
```

### Container Object Storage Interface (COSI)

> **WARNING**: Be advised that COSI standard is currently in **alpha** state.

> > COSI implementation provided by s3gw must be considered an experimental feature.
> > Changes to COSI standard are likely expected in this phase.
> > s3gw team does not control the upstream development of COSI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The COSI implementation provided by s3gw is considered an experimental feature
and changes to the COSI standard are expected in this phase.
The s3gw team does not control the upstream development of COSI.
```

#### Prerequisites

If you are going to use COSI, you must ensure some resources to be pre-deployed

> on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are going to use COSI, ensure some resources are pre-deployed
on the cluster.

To work, COSI needs:

- COSI CRDs

> You can deploy COSI CRDs with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy COSI CRDs, run:

```bash
kubectl create -k github.com/kubernetes-sigs/container-object-storage-interface-api
```

- COSI Controller

> You can deploy COSI Controller with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the COSI Controller, run:

```bash
kubectl create -k github.com/kubernetes-sigs/container-object-storage-interface-controller
```

> Check for the controller pod in the default namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if the controller pod is in the default namespace:

```shell
NAME                                        READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
objectstorage-controller-6fc5f89444-4ws72   1/1     Running   0          2d6h
```

#### Installation

COSI support is disabled by default in s3gw. To enable it, set:

```yaml
cosi.enabled: true
```

Normally, you don't need to change the chart's defaults for the COSI related fields.

> The following fields can be customized, if needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the following fields can be customized:
